The phone or let it was doing in
Someone number only says that one day the shoulder around the problem
Yes
What is there
So whether here.
Oh
Contains
Well, don't set it up
You should go to the camera for a while
Poop
So patients to check around And then still want a Kuruwake I hip hurts
Right
I'd say anything
It gets caught here
I'm here
Oh dear
You will be fascinated
Coffee changes, yes, where did you go?
I think where it is good
How this friendship and just backache hurt
Sitting down
I do not want to hurt if I do not really
I think it will hurt with time
Let's sit down
Also not there is an abnormality of the rom in a in a state in which sitting is that with house sitting this Empress
I'm thinking this too
Yes, I think and here comes a little more done
Even if it is twisted , I think it is a voice
When it stops
In the form of
First of all do up to this point because the pain and there will I this is first amendment tends to improve
It and the patient is not to commit even Tteyuu Let's
See you please wants toward the
And it has caught a look at the root agent
Look in supine position and get stuck here
Where is yes with such attacks
It is good again and again
There is also a house on what to do with this
I don't know where there are many and where
It doesn't make sense even if it is natural.
And because moving it's not hip problem
Where it has shone
It is common number
I'm common
Here
I'm here I Case No. 2
this is
Common common ridge
I think you know look
There is something different here.
I hope to the plate to do ok who has stopped somewhere to say twisted place This is it
It is the left side
Here
It's not a sense because it looks
It is the eyes of the data seen but my
If you stop here, it 's a line here
Moreover, it says the Do's right-to-left is
Next to it is not seen in the data on the clinical
I do not like this
Yes lumbar spine this
No. 4
Week 21
During ~
It is the seventh
I understand
understood
So in the process of twisting
This is seen in Omukae Tteyuu It is indigo this if bread at what number in number in what number hand number
That's why
It's have seen that it 's such a s # 7 Once you twist so far
So if this improves, there is a possibility that it will change earlier
This is a so-called "accumulated data" which is used only by the noise of this and this
You can understand that you can do this because you can store this data
I do not know this right now
If just this or this is really specific that either corner of the story
That's why there were various scenes
Intends that
There is accumulation of various data just to understand this, and it is this that only defeat like this
It is not coming is known for it 's such a Do it here
basic
It is a state that once or basic is moving since the teaching practice
In addition to the pump after such can not be that it is a basic step further in
And try whether the healed try to check
Oh it is the limit value is to say
If you try to do it fundamentally efficiently
First of all
I will toward the middle It is the version in mind say whether popping
It is
Egi plate here also Oite
Here the Hey or
I would also want Nde who lateral bending
But I am want to say that there is no here no farmers
Yup
As a little easy-to-understand guess I can see the Tteyuu
Maybe the 7th one is the movable range of the waist
I have and said, tightly Re'
Let's start from the group